hey everyone I am here to show you guys
Nolan's new Big Boy room we have finally
finished it this is the view as you come
in through the door this is what you see
I'm just going to Pan the camera around
so you can see the full view of the room
and now I'm walking in through the door
and this is the wall closer to the door
I'm bringing the camera around now so
you see the wall that the door is on
which is where this wave print is and
now I'll just close the door behind me
so the first thing is this big wave
canvas print from Ikea it was kind of a
splurge for the room I believe it was
$100 but we saw it and we thought that
it would just look really good on this
big blank wall next are these letters
that my stepdad made these were actually
in his nursery and we just repainted
them so they're 3d they're made out of
wood he just cut them out you know I
spray-painted them this is his bed the
bed is from Ikea the sheets are from
Target and then he just has a solid navy
blue comforter there on the bed which
was really cheap from Target but it does
show like every single little mark as
you can see next Air has his window
these are blackout curtains from Walmart
they were really cheap this little chair
right here is the pickle II know a
little reader I will tell you guys more
about this chair in an upcoming video of
my toddler room must-haves on this wall
I have a couple different things this is
a canvas print of his newborn photo this
is a little wooden shark we bought from
Etsy and then in these two orange frames
these are being reused from his nursery
we just spray-painted them ignore what's
in them I have my last minute detail of
actually putting something in them so
this is the just cube shelf unit from
Ikea super popular this is a stayin lamp
we had net nursery these same two
picture frames we had in this nursery
one of an ultrasound photo and one that
I still after 21 months have not put
something in this is a starfish and
little car we got on a beach vacation
and this is his sound machine that we
use every night
on his shelves I have some books and
puzzles and more books there's usually
more on this shelf but it was the middle
of the day and he was actually using a
lot of the things but it's always just
books and puzzles the only thing we keep
there on there in this bin I keep all of
his diapers and here are all of his
pajamas the next bin is his jeans and
little knit pants and then this last bin
we rotate toys out in the living room
and that was just the toy that we have
for him to use this little bear thing is
something that I had when I was little
in my room at my dad's house and he
would put letters and it has a little
pocket in the front and so I found that
recently and brought that out into his
room and will start doing things like
that like reading minute Nolan little
notes
this is his closet there's not really
much going on in here
we just keep out clothes that he fits
into at the moment there's no
organization really in the little
hanging thing we have his shoes socks
and fitted diapers and then they're on
the bottom of the floor of the closet of
some clothes he's grown out of in the
corner some more toys and then this big
green bin or clothes that he has to grow
into we only keep clothes out that he is
currently wearing now the last thing
that I want to show you guys about his
room that I totally love is this growth
chart that we got from Zulily it's
personalized and has fish and sharks on
it and there's his first measurement
just under 3 feet
I think it's super adorable it was one
of my favorite things that we got for
their room and it's from Zulily like I
said now I will come back over here and
show you guys again just a slow motion
pan of his room we did not spend a whole
ton on this room but we think it's super
cute and I'm very happy with how it
turned out so thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll talk to you guys soon
bye